So to specifically call out some of the pain points we're going to address,
notice here in this code on line 7,
I have the keyword new and I'm referencing the SpeakerServiceImpl.
So already,
my application knows and has a hard-coded reference
to this SpeakerServiceImpl object.
These are the types of things that we're going to use
Spring to eliminate from our code.
I could create some instance of a factory or an abstract
factory to go ahead and load this code in there,
but Spring already does all this for us.
Likewise, if you go into our SpeakerServiceImpl,
you'll notice here on line 11, again,
we have the keyword new referencing this HibernateSpeakerRepositoryImpl.
If I ever want to change this,
even though I have the interface and I've coded my application to the interface,
I have to rebuild my entire application based off of this configuration.
Also, if you go into our HibernateSpeakerRepository,
and I alluded to this in our example,
I have code inside of here that stubbed out until we
have our database instance ready to go.
There's no reason why we couldn't just use a stub here and
use Spring to load into our ServiceImpl,
that stubbed out class,
that we could then swap out when the actual
configuration for our database is done,
and our application doesn't need to change.
We don't need to go recompile code or introduce
other changes into our source code, rather just change configuration.
Let's look at how we can now bring Spring into our application to help us with those pain points.